Docs - Hyperlink destinations tabs (#11576)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/destinations/google-pubsub.md

## Installation

1. In PostHog, click the [Data pipeline](https://us.posthog.com/pipeline/overview) tab in the left sidebar.

> 2. Click the [Destinations](https://us.posthog.com/pipeline/destinations?search=google) tab.
> 3. Search for 'Google Pub/Sub' and click **+ Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the [Destinations](https://us.posthog.com/pipeline/destinations?search=googlepubsub) tab.
3. Search for **Google Pub/Sub** and click **+ Create**.
```
